---
title: 'Cape Wrath & The Smoo'
date: 2025-05-08
permalink: /posts/2025/05/blog-post-1/
thumbnail: '/images/CWT/Day1/Day1-001.jpg'
modified: 2025-09-03
location: Scotland
type: hike
tags:
  - Cape Wrath Hike
  - Scotland
---

Fort William - Knoydart
=====

Day 1
-----
A guilty lunch in Wetherspoons in Fort William and a final glance at the weather forecast, the ferry takes us to the start of the trail on the other side of Loch Linnhe. The walk north starts southbound along the road, and we set off along side a surprising number of Germans and an Irishman, Kevin, all doing the CWT. The 10km trudge on the tarmac with full backpacks (including >8 days of food, 4 litres of sparkling water and 3 bottles of Lidl’s finest Whiskey) makes for a tough start, but a gravel track and a shrine-like collection of painted pebbles heralds the start of the walk in earnest. 

We continue up Cona Glenn, whose south side is full of golden sun and the sound of cuckoos, we run into Kevin's camp, who tells us he aims to walk until the weather turns, he hopes to make it at least to Ullapool. We made camp outside the shut Corrlarach Bothy.

{% include carousel.html file="CWT" id="Day1" %}


Day 2
-----

Continuing on Cona Glenn, up the pass and to Glenfinnan, we cool off in the Finnan by Corryhully bothy. Over the pass what is usually an endless bog is instead a pleasant descent towards Loch Arkaig.  We camp outside a busy A'Chuil bothy.

{% include carousel.html file="CWT" id="Day2" %}

Day 3
-----

After removing a large amount of ticks in the morning (lesson learnt not to go about long grass in sliders and no socks), we make our way over the Bealach and down towards Sourlies, which apparently had over 14 tents out the night before thanks to the TGO coast to coast event. Crossing the estuary, we are entranced by a herd of deer wading out into the sea to cool off. Another fun pass and we approach Inverie, we leave our tent outside the town and headed for the pub, The Old Forge. 
By chance there happens to be a wonderful gig that night, the duo of Catherine MacLellan and Lucy Farrel, and we dine on the out-of-date crisps they are giving away for free.

{% include carousel.html file="CWT" id="Day3" %}

Knoydart - Kinlochewe
======

Day 4
-----

{% include carousel.html file="CWT" id="Day4" %}

Day 5
-----

{% include carousel.html file="CWT" id="Day5" %}

To be continued...

